Added validator --minimal option to action (#60)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-validator-action: README.md

| `port` | Port for the OPTIMADE URL. | Optional | `5000` | `v1+`
| `protocol` | Protocol for the OPTIMADE URL. | Optional | `http` | `v1+`
| `skip optional` | Whether or not to skip tests for optional features. | Optional | `false` | `v2+`

> | `minimal` | Whether or not to reduce the validation to a minimal test set that only checks responses and not filters. | Optional | `false` | `v2.4.1+`

Reviewer: I'd just release a new minor version, honestly.
```suggestion
| `minimal` | Whether or not to reduce the validation to a minimal test set that only checks responses and not filters. | Optional | `false` | `v2.5+`
```
